README.md, before:

# My Learning Process

## Table of contents
| Category | Links |
| :--------: | ------- |
| Git | [Setup Multiple Github accounts Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Setup-multiple-github-accounts.md) |
| Javascript  | [Intersection Observer API Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Intersection-Observer-API.md) |
| Design Pattern  | - [[Design Pattern] Adapter Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Adapter.md)<br />- [[Design Pattern] Strategy Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Strategy.md) |

## Timeline
**Week 18** (2024-04-29 -> 2024-05-05)
- 2024-04-29: [Setup Multiple Github accounts Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Setup-multiple-github-accounts.md)
- 2024-04-29: [Intersection Observer API Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Intersection-Observer-API.md)
- 2024-04-29: [[Design Pattern] Adapter Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Adapter.md)
- 2024-04-29: [[Design Pattern] Strategy Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Strategy.md)

## Note
Render UML diagrams using [Mermaid](https://mermaidjs.github.io/)

Commit message:

✨ Feat: React Concurrent Rendering Guide

README.md, after:

# My Learning Process

## Table of contents
| Category | Links |
| :--------: | ------- |
| Git | [Setup Multiple Github accounts Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Setup-multiple-github-accounts.md) |
| Javascript  | [Intersection Observer API Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Intersection-Observer-API.md) |
| Design Pattern  | - [[Design Pattern] Adapter Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Adapter.md)<br />- [[Design Pattern] Strategy Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Strategy.md) |
| React | [[In Progress] React Concurrent Rendering Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/React-Concurrent-Rendering.md) |

## Timeline
**Week 18** (2024-04-29 -> 2024-05-05)
- 2024-04-30: [[In Progress] React Concurrent Rendering Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/React-Concurrent-Rendering.md)
---
- 2024-04-29: [Setup Multiple Github accounts Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Setup-multiple-github-accounts.md)
- 2024-04-29: [Intersection Observer API Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/Intersection-Observer-API.md)
- 2024-04-29: [[Design Pattern] Adapter Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Adapter.md)
- 2024-04-29: [[Design Pattern] Strategy Guide](https://github.com/DinhSonHai/Learning/blob/main/2024-Week-18/[Design-Pattern]-Strategy.md)

## Note
Render UML diagrams using [Mermaid](https://mermaidjs.github.io/)
